Anime is handdrawn PYTHON computergenerated PYTHON originating from Japan Outside PYTHON Japan 
PYTHON PYTHON English PYTHON refers PYTHON PYTHON PYTHON PYTHON refers specifically PYTHON PYTHON 
produced PYTHON Japan However PYTHON Japan PYTHON PYTHON PYTHON PYTHON PYTHON term derived from 
PYTHON shortening PYTHON PYTHON English word PYTHON describes all animated works regardless PYTHON 
style or origin Animation produced outside PYTHON Japan PYTHON similar style PYTHON PYTHON PYTHON 
is commonly referred PYTHON as animeinfluenced PYTHON The earliest commercial PYTHON animations 
date PYTHON  A characteristic art style emerged PYTHON PYTHON s PYTHON PYTHON works PYTHON 
cartoonist Osamu Tezuka PYTHON spread PYTHON following decades developing PYTHON large domestic 
audience Anime is distributed theatrically through television broadcasts directly PYTHON home 
media PYTHON over PYTHON Internet In addition PYTHON original works PYTHON are often adaptations 
PYTHON PYTHON comics manga light novels or video games It is classified into numerous genres 
targeting various broad PYTHON niche audiences Anime is PYTHON diverse medium PYTHON distinctive 
production methods that have adapted PYTHON response PYTHON emergent technologies It combines 
graphic art characterization cinematography PYTHON other forms PYTHON imaginative PYTHON 
individualistic techniques Compared PYTHON Western PYTHON PYTHON production generally focuses less 
on movement PYTHON more on PYTHON detail PYTHON settings PYTHON use PYTHON camera effects such as 
panning zooming PYTHON angle shotsDiverse art styles are used PYTHON character proportions PYTHON 
features can be quite varied PYTHON PYTHON common characteristic feature being large PYTHON 
emotive eyes The PYTHON industry consists PYTHON over  production companies including major 
studios such as Studio Ghibli Sunrise Bones Ufotable MAPPA CoMix Wave Films PYTHON Toei Animation 
Since PYTHON s PYTHON medium has also seen international success PYTHON PYTHON rise PYTHON foreign 
dubbed subtitled programming PYTHON its increasing distribution through streaming services As 
PYTHON  PYTHON PYTHON accounted for  PYTHON PYTHON worlds animated television shows 